This Mr. Gong really came
Now this kid is dead
maybe
It's really Mr. Gong invited by this kid
How is that possible?
Who is Mr. Gong?
This Gong Luoming really came
Miss, I'd like to see this
What kind of medicine is he selling in the gourd?
Mr. Gong really came
Did he really call Mr. Gong?
Impossible, why would Mr. Gong listen to his money?
Mr. Gong has come to Xue Zhijao
Are you screwed?
Get off the stage now
Mr. Gong didn't even dare to sit in his seat
How dare you sit on it
I said this position is only available to me
Xue Zhilong, Mr. Gong is here
All four families are present
Don't be stubborn anymore.
Kneel down and apologize
Maybe they can spare your life
I told you.
I sent him.
It wasn't me who got kicked out
Just stay at home and do this with me
Today is the ceremony of the Golden Dragon Awards
The celebrities in the fruit house are all there
You have just offended the four major families
If you offend Mr. Gong again
Really get kicked out
Don't die at my ceremony
It won't be me who gets kicked out
The mouth is still so hard
When you kneel down and apologize to me later
I see your mouth is still hard
Xue Zhilong, stop pretending
Why don't you trust me?
If so
Then I will show you my strength